Weekly Progress Report

Week 3
Date submitted: 04/08/2008

Summary of achievement from last week:
- Domain model revised
- Use Case diagram revised
- Use case descriptions formalised
- RMMM revised and formalised
- Open ID LogIn working thorugh our website
- Build file for automating things written


Obstacles Encountered:

The integration did not go as planned due to other commitment issues, the need for more research and questions regarding if we should be restricting things to one instances because we don't want a 100 different instances for a 100 different users or not. The plan is for Arlo to discuss his queries with Jevon and work on them that Tuesday and Wednesday

The Google Calendar issue is trying to reformat the incoming date and time to something that the Google API can accept and is taking longer than expected. Ben is working on the issue.


Another issue we have is that after we log out our left menu still seems to display the user that was previously logged in's Open ID. Can't tell if this is an issue with session tracking or what?



Changes to Project Plan:

This simply means that we are going to spend more time on the integration than we initially planned on. This is fine because it is our first prototype only the main aim we have for our first prototype is successful integration. We will no longer be spending time on increasing the scope of this prototype for this iteration. 


Where from here:

Below is our defined Scope for Prototype One and comments on each task.

+Users can register for system using OpenID accounts
We have a Registration page, it just doesn't do much at the moment.

+Users can log into system successfully
This has been achieved via OpenID. At the moment the OpenID is
verified and we return at the homepage with a -"Hi <OpenID
username>!". What we really want though is for the OpenID to be
verified and we come back to our homepage with a "Hi <user's username
on our site>".
Also note the issue that once logged out the left menu still dispays the OpenID account.

+Users can add an offer for a one-off ride, specify location from and
to, make additional detailed comments and specify the date and time.
Again we have a page. We have a pop up calendar. It just doesn't store details in database as it should at the moment.

+ This date and time gets added to user’s Google Calendar if they have
one.
Ben's Google Calendar just needs to reformat incoming date and time at the moment. It is also not integrated on the site yet.

+ Users can search for rides
Not done yet. 

+ User can accept a Ride.
Not done yet. Once the database stuff is interative then we will be able to store the accepting ride under the user account.

+The database of users and locations can communicate with the web
interface.
This is the bit that is not done yet.





