Weekly Progress Report

Week 7
Date submitted: 06/09/2008

Summary of achievement from past 2 weeks:

- Usability testing done and results documented, changes underway to 
incorporate user feedback
- The system is now reduced to offering rides within palmerston north only, as suggested by Russell
The user can choose the streets from a combobox loaded with the street names.
- The new database functionality has been added
- the add a ride page works with the new database for a one off event
- the user can register and log in using username and password
- the Google Calendar finally works for one off events in the website
- Google Maps has been started
- the web site css layout has been modified 



Obstacles Encountered:

We are not sure how to add a Regular event to the Google Calendar yet - Ben is
looking in to the situation

We have to ask our manager how the safeguarding of the registration needs to be done
- the project outline suggests we go for validation via email or a blurry text image
but we are wondering if instead we can have the users answer basic IQ questions instead?


Changes to Project Plan:

There have been some changes to our project scope. 

No longer offering the ability for Request A Ride
Reason: too complicated to pursue when other features have greater priority as per our Scope Priority Plan -
something we added to our Risk Management Plan after iteration one. This Priority Plan indicates
what features are the most important for the success of our project and by looking at it we can 
assess the features we can leave out of our plan in what order.

Also if a user wants to make a return trip they can simply create another offer instead of specifying
on a ride that that ride has a return trip. This was done because it makes more sense 
to do it this way as other users may want to know of the trip which they wouldn't find out 
about as that return trip info would only appear as a mention in the original trip info.

Also the via locations thing is something that will be added by a rider not the driver. This 
way the rider can specify where the driver can pick them up if they see that the driver is 
passing by their preferred location. The driver has the right to decline the acceptance 
of their offer.

The above changes have been incorporated into our design documentation appropriately.


What to do this week:
Accept a ride
Updating user details
integrating google maps with accept a ride page
Search a ride

